1290564118
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005228_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	class AddEmailUniquenessIndex 
AddPasswordToUsers	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123014939_add_password_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordToUsers 
AddSaltToUsers	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123022257_add_salt_to_users.rb	class AddSaltToUsers 
Application	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateUsers	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225634_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
PagesController	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
SampleApp	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	module SampleApp
User	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def User
User	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
about	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
contact	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
down	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225634_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005228_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123014939_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123022257_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.down
encrypt	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt
encrypt_password	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt_password
has_password?	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def has_password?
help	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
logo	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
make_salt	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def make_salt
new	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor   :password
secure_hash	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def secure_hash
show	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
title	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
up	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101115225634_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101116005228_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123014939_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/jchang/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20101123022257_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.up
